Add Slack integration guide (#3)
forma-cloud/FormaCloud: README.md

Deleting the Stack...
FormaCloudClariSpend Stack deleted!
```

## Slack Integration

> 1. Create two Slack channels: `formacloud-cost-report` and `formacloud-saving-actions`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create two Slack channels for FormaCloud ClariSpend and Optima, such as `formacloud-clarispend` and `formacloud-optima`. The channel names don't really matter. You can choose your own names.
```

2. Add FormaCloud team members to the Slack channels using Slack Connect, so they can assist with any requests.
Members to add:
```
shan@formacloud.io
weiqi@formacloud.io
jiaqi@formacloud.io
hannah@formacloud.io
gideon@formacloud.io
shazil@formacloud.io

> ```

Reviewer: andi@formacloud.io

Author: Done.

3. Visit https://slack.formacloud.io or https://api.formacloud.io/slack/install/limited_scopes link to see the installation page.
![image](https://github.com/forma-cloud/FormaCloud/assets/117554189/4fb77907-25be-4944-8c0f-ebe5195aa836)
4. Click "Add to slack" and click "Allow".
![image](https://github.com/forma-cloud/FormaCloud/assets/117554189/5be17695-b114-4185-9852-3e23d877ef2a)
5. After the installation, go to Apps in Slack.
![image](https://github.com/forma-cloud/FormaCloud/assets/117554189/079a3637-4f1f-4f97-bbfe-9aedf84fce57)
6. Click on the app name on top left of this page.
![image](https://github.com/forma-cloud/FormaCloud/assets/117554189/d0a9aa1c-dd8d-489f-9aad-d2341ecf9ab5)

> 7. Click "Add this app to a channel" then choose the formacloud channels.

Reviewer: We need to do this for both channels.

Author: Done.
